#**In your opinion, what is the most important thing you learned this week? Why?**

I'd say the most important thing I've learned this week and what will probably be the most helpful longterm is to be more confident in myself. We went over the "imposter-syndrome" briefly and while, I've always considered others who do the basics of programmings to be programmers, I guess I hold myself to a different standard. As if, the fact that I'm learning and will always be learning, means that I'm inferior to everyone else. The discussion we had helped me put that to rest, for now at least. I have many long-term goals in this field/industry and I believe that these kinds of mindset teachings will be the most influential.

#**Describe the general idea of high and low level programming languages using the concept of abstraction.**

The fundmentals of software and computer engineering are built upon with abstractions of such. A high level programming language is still, at it's core, running on a large abstraction of basic computer science. It is designed to be easier for humans to work with, in a way that doesn't require a programmer to know all of the details of how a computer works in order to utilize the language. A low level programming language, while perhaps an abstraction of sorts, is significantly closer to the original structure that a computer uses in determining input/output.

#**JavaScript was designed to be flexible with values and types, often jumping back and forth between them. Compare some pros and cons of this decision. How might it help you? How might it get in the way?**

Perhaps the largest benefit to types is well, the idea of types themselves. The ability to categorize values is invaluable becayse this creates a way to separate these different *types* of *values* and allows us to have a ruleset per type essentially. With this in mind, we now have more control over our language. These values now have new ways to interact with each other through the means of the rules applied to the types they reside within. For example, the ability to separate typical characters from numbers makes the idea of a calculator significantly easier to pursue. Of course, there are drawbacks however. The most obvious probably being that this in turn defines how two values can and, potentially more importantly, *cannot* interact with each other. So, while it is certainly a helpful concept when utilized correctly, it could easily get in the way if not fully understood or if something may go overlooked. This would lead to possible bugs or plain mistakes in writing that could be hard to diagnose if the user is not aware of the issue. In essence, adding complexity to any language can certainly increase the efficiency and capabilities of communication but with the added risk of it being more difficult to understand/utilize properly.
