After these first two weeks of class, I think my biggest challenge is going to be staying aware of what I don't know. I've noticed a lot already that even if I felt confident doing something, next time I go to do it, I may struggle a lot.

To explain the three different styles of loops, I will start with explaining the differences between for and while loops in general. The biggest difference between a for and a while loop is that, a for loop is generally used for something that has a relatively finite end. You will set a goal, say, to print numbers 1-100, and it will end once it is complete. You may of course, create an infinite loop but there's no easy way to control it as opposed to a while loop. With a while loop, you can easily set a condition to end the loop. So that, the loop will continue until further specified not to. An example being, print the numbers 1-100 while x is less than 5. In an example like this, the loop will stop once the number hits five. This is convenient for if a condition is awaiting to be met. In the case of a do-while loop, it is relatively the same as a while loop however, a do-while loop will always act at least once. Regardless of if the condition to stop the loop is met or not, it will alwyas act at least one time.

I have learned the importance of pseudocode through mistakes. It is important to keep a pseudocode tab of what you are doing and the step-by-step algorithm to the solution because it allows you to one, find an algorithm for the solution in the first place, in a much more efficient manner. Two, this allows you to reflect on your mistakes and jump back and forth between the actual code and pseudocode to compare/contrast each of them.
